the winners of Strictly Come Dancing
2007 are
it's an Asia
oh now what is that
bringing over here
what
throughout that room
we come and get you
nothing
lovely they
Oh
come on
I may just have a moment to chat to our
runners-up commiserations to you huge
commiserations you must be so
disappointed to come this far and not
win the title I think we won once we've
got into the final it was so clean even
you know you
obviously anything sort and then been
amazing and sorry you two have been
electric on the dance floor will you
carry on seeing each other when the
series finishes you will teen amazing
how to make asylum thank you both Alicia
Matthew you have been you've been such a
team and Alicia you could become the
biggest female star in this country I
say a few weeks ago you could really be
on no I'm not happy I'll be gentle with
your singing and now you can dance what
an actor you deserve
people up there would you like this a
beverage or and that the black pepper
you are starting to making you've worked
so hard now you're just like a
professional dancer and every 100
percent of you I sheer joy
the winners of Strictly Come Dancing
2007 Alicia
ha
you probably be
you